Analysis of interactions between rational decision makers (agents) in games on a network by using an evolutionary algorithm, emphasizing: strategy selection method, selected game, number of agents, network density, number of rounds and number of games. There is a dependence on the players' choices and the payment structure ( profit and loss).The different results illustrate the tension between individual rationality and collective rationality. 

The final product is a system for simulating evolutionary games that were taken from game theory. The system was written in the Java language and includes a graphical interface for entering the data and game conditions by the user. The user can choose to play between two famous games: the 'Prisoner's Dilemma' and the 'War of the Sexes' 2, and the profit and loss of each is affected by the choices of both - the choices are mainly based on trust between the two]. The main game is multi-agent (players), and at each stage of the game each pair of neighbors will play the chosen game among them. The game is played on a network of agents consisting of a graph : each vertex represents an agent and each pair of vertices connected by an arc represents 'neighbors' - the "neighborhoods" are created arbitrarily at the start of a game. The system is very dynamic so that the user interface provides the possibility to enter specific data and thus decide under which conditions the game will take place, such as: the type of game, Number of agents, the density of the network (the percentage of neighbors between the participants), from what percentage the sample representing the strong population (for the algorithm) is centered, number of games and number of rounds in each game.

Each agent receives an ID that will be used as a unique identifier for the upcoming game, also each agent advocates a specific selection method (one of 5) according to which he will act during the entire game and with the help of which he will make the selection in each turn. The agent's gender, and its selection method will be defined randomly. Most of the considerations in capitals are based on the choices of the opponents in the previous turn.
Each agent plays against several players at the same time, therefore the profit of each turn is determined by the sum of the profits of each agent against its neighbors. The turn is performed synchronously, that is, all players choose simultaneously and without knowing what the opponent's current choice is.

The program is based on an evolutionary algorithm: as in evolution, those with the strongest genes usually survive and the weak die out. Thus, this algorithm chooses to preserve the strongest agents and "exterminate" the weaker ones. After each game, the algorithm will keep the agents with the highest profit, and combine them with New population for the next game - the strong players who were not deleted from the grid remain with the same selection method. 

Strategies:

- Best Response: calculates what his total profit will be for each choice (according to the previous choice of his neighbors) and chooses the one that yields him the highest profit.
- Tit For Tat: measure against measure, will react according to the choices of his neighbors.
- Threshold: calculated, will choose non-cooperation when the profit really pays off for him.
- Honest: understands that it is worthwhile for all parties to cooperate, so always cooperates.
- Evil: Always uncooperative.
